docs: add authorization and user management user guide (#5282)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/components/identity/user.md

---
id: user
title: User management
description: "Learn how to manage users in your Self-Managed Orchestration cluster."
---

:::note

> User management in Identity is only needed by Self-Managed deployments. For SaaS, see how to [connect your identity provider](http://localhost:3000/docs/next/components/console/manage-organization/external-sso/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User management in Identity is only supported in Self-Managed deployments. For SaaS, see how to [connect your identity provider](http://localhost:3000/docs/next/components/console/manage-organization/external-sso/).
```

:::

> Identity provides unified, cluster-level identity management and authorizations. User management is a key part of identity management, and allows you to create, update, and delete users in your Orchestration cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User management is a key part of identity management, and allows you to create, update, and delete users in your Orchestration cluster.
```

I think here I'd also remove the Identity definition at the start, this page is about user management which the sentence after captures well

Reviewer: Though looking at this and the next section `User management overview`, are they both needed?

Author: They are similar, I'll merge the sections

## User management overview

User management is the process of creating, updating, and deleting users in your Orchestration cluster. Users can be assigned roles and permissions to access applications and perform actions on resources.

### Create a user

> 1. Log in to the Camunda 8 web application.

Reviewer: Same comment here as before that I think for now it should say Identity

   - **Username**: The username for the user.
   - **Name**: The name of the user.
   - **Email**: The email address of the user.
   - **Password**: The password for the user.
5. Click on the `Create user` button.
6. The user is created and can now log in to the Camunda 8 web application.

![identity-create-user-tab](./img/create-user-tab.png)

### Update a user

1. Log in to the Camunda 8 web application.
2. Click on the `Users` tab.
3. Select the user you want to update.
4. Click on the `Edit` button next to the user.
5. Update the user details:
   - **Name**: The name of the user.
   - **Email**: The email address of the user.
   - **Password**: The password for the user.
6. Click on the `Save` button.
7. The user details are updated.

![identity-update-user-tab](./img/update-user-tab.png)

### Delete a user

1. Log in to the Camunda 8 web application.
2. Click on the `Users` tab.
3. Select the user you want to delete.
4. Click on the `Delete` button next to the user.
5. Confirm the deletion by clicking on the `Delete` button in the confirmation dialog.
6. The user is deleted and can no longer log in to the Camunda 8 web application.

### Assign authorizations to a user

> Please refer to the [authorization](./authorization.md) section to learn how to assign permissions to users.

Reviewer: An alternative here:
```suggestion
Please refer to the [authorization](./authorization.md) section to learn how to create authorizations for users.
```
